Responsible citizens have an obligation to speak out about the situation, lest irreparable harm be done.

No moral person can in good conscience stand by while these injustices persist!

The only way for upstanding citizens to protect themselves from this madness is to retreat from modern society entirely.

The solution is clear: buy a gun.

Stop relying on the Mainstream Media for information about these critical topics, and seek the truth out for yourself.

Are you ready to see how deep the rabbit-hole goes? Take the red pill, brothers and sisters. Metaphorically, of course-- by now, you should know not to trust Big Pharma’s pills.

Wipe the fog of government brainwashing from your eyes and see the truth!

The way forward is clear. Such dangerous secrets can remain secret no longer.

Someone must act on these truths and protect the innocent. Will it be you?

The time for action is now.  If upstanding citizens finally hold these people accountable, we can change the world for the better.

Consider the facts, and ask yourself: are you willing to let them get away with this?  The answer should be a resounding no.

In light of these facts, I have sold all my belongings and am moving “off-the-grid” in the White Mountains of New Hampshire.

“First they came for the communists, and I didn't speak out because I wasn't a communist. Then they came for the socialists, and I didn't speak out because I wasn't a socialist. Then they came for me, and there was no one left to speak for me.”  -- Martin Niemöller

Apathy toward this issue will be the death of our civilization.  Do you plan on dying with civilization, or will you join me in settling a remote Pacific island?

It’s time for a new beginning.  Reject the government and corporate interests.  Embrace only what you know to be true.

Now that you know the truth, save your family and friends.  Let them know the truth.

The government thinks it’s bamboozled us, but we know the truth: it’s the greatest lie ever told, but it’s still a goddamn lie.

If you don’t act on this, who will? And who will suffer while you remain indecisive?

The truth is out there. Find it.

Every day more people open their eyes to the truth.  For the sake of our future, join me in getting the word out.

“There are no facts, only interpretations.” -- Friedrick Nietzsche

“No one now dies of fatal truths: there are too many antidotes to them.” -- Friedrick Nietzsche

When in doubt, question your world view.  Ask yourself why you think in certain ways, and whether there is a better way to think.  You may find yourself realizing a lot more about the world around you.

Do people actually think this is ok?  It is time to finally speak out and reveal the truth.

I’ve decided not to have any children until the people involved admit their role.  I don’t want to bring any more innocent life into this sad, twisted world.

In a world full of lies and power-hungry megalomaniacs, we stand firm. Thousands are joining the movement.  We demand injustice.

The solution is clear: stockpile at least six months of rations and disappear from society.
