Outspoken academics who research this topic have had their research silenced by those in power.

Outspoken journalists researching this matter have been repeatedly silenced by libel lawsuits.

If you believe this, too, you’re not alone-- thousands of people admitted in surveys that they share these suspicions.

Is this really the world we want our children to grow up in?

I know that many people have a hard time believing this, but please, look at the facts.

Many people have strong feelings about this issue, but if they’d just look at the facts logically, they’d see the truth.

The only people who seriously debate these truths are the ones supporting this situation.

We all must abandon our preconceptions about this issue.

Do you feel safe living in a world where this goes unpunished?

Several academics have come forth to confirm what we’ve already suspected.

The former White House Chief of Staff confirmed two weeks ago that the truth about this matter has been seriously misrepresented.

The last time anyone came forth to speak about this, they immediately noticed increased surveillance at their house and place of work. Suspicious, right?

It’s hard to find experts willing to speak truthfully about this.

Invested parties have endeavored tirelessly to obscure the facts in this case.

Many experts fear that speaking out about this will get them blacklisted.

Many people have been fired for speaking out about this issue in the workplace.

Websites revealing the truth about this are frequently taken down without an explanation.

Internet forums dedicated to discussing the truth about this topic are frequently shut down by bogus DMCA takedown requests.

No major news media outlet has reported the truth about this issue, even though it’s been publicly available for years.

The reliability of these findings has been verified.

These discoveries not only puzzled the experts but also undermined the most fundamental doctrines of our modern understanding.

Corporate interests are preventing us from getting the truth out.

Whistleblowers who reported on this issue in other countries have been silenced by their governments.

Talking about this kind of thing openly is likely to get you put on a no-fly list.

Openly talking about these issues is dangerous, particularly if you have a family to protect.

You won’t see THIS on your evening news.

Our demands for transparency on this issue have largely been ignored.

You might think that this sounds like something out of a tabloid, but it’s real.

After setting up this website with these startling facts, I have been contacted by FBI agents three times.

Since I discovered these events, I have noticed that my phone buzzes every time I discuss this.

One prominent reporter discovered an unmarked surveillance device under his car after he published an article on this topic.

A prominent news anchor, who asked to remain anonymous, discovered he was being covertly photographed after he uncovered this issue.

People who have taken out library books on this topic frequently find that they receive more rigorous airport screenings than before. Definitely not a coincidence!

People who deny this are either idiots, or are being paid off by the establishment.

Most evidence to the contrary has likely been faked.

Those in power could do something about this, but they’ve deliberately decided not to.

Given these facts, the future does not look good.

Most people won’t know about this until it’s too late.

Ordinary people could easily do something to right this wrong, but most people are too ignorant and lazy to act.

If modern society hadn’t drugged most ordinary people into a passive stupor of acceptance, we’d have done something about this long ago.

It’s very suspicious that more people aren’t outraged by this.

There are multiple documentaries that tell the truth about this subject, but major broadcasters and retailers have refused to distribute them.

It should be considered high treason to ignore or dispute this fact.

It’s a slippery slope.  If people don’t admit this fact, we will all be in big trouble.

Many of us have noticed this, but most people keep their mouths shut and just move on.

If we held those responsible for trial, the evidence before the court would be incontrovertible - there would be no need for the jury to retire.

Perhaps tellingly, several diplomats were barred from the country for agreeing with these claims.

Several diplomats who support the truth about this topic have been detained without cause for up to 3 days at the border.

Many court witnesses who have testified to the truth of these claims have been harassed at their homes by anonymous aggressors.

I am willing to provide incontrovertible evidence that confirms my claims, but feel safe doing so only via anonymous short-band radio transmissions.

If you speak out about this, you are practically assured to go missing.  Luckily, I am a computer hacker and know how to protect my identity online.

We’ve taken a big risk to post this information on the internet-- many others have seen their careers destroyed for doing much less.

I’m willing to tell the truth about this, despite the dangers, because my commitment to justice and truth is extraordinary.

Numerous pop songs from the 90s make veiled references to this.

You can find subtle references to this in a number of official documents, but government red-tape makes sure that most of those documents are all but inaccessible to ordinary people.

Invested parties have done a lot to make sure this stays under wraps.
